Template for DTR Memo
Project: Battleship

Group Member Names: Erin King, Ethan Grab

Goals and Expectations for the Project 
(What does each group member hope to get out of this project? What do we want to achieve as a team?):
Ethan -  Good learning experience. Open communication. Finish project with both partners understanding the entirety of the code base. 
Erin - Push through iteration 3. Understanding of what is going on in the project. Good learning experience. Hopefully get into iteration 4. 

Team strengths & collaboration styles (consider discussing your Pairin qualities here):
Good communicators. Adjust to the needs of the group. Bring the best out of each other. Openly gives feedback when necessary.

How we can use our strengths to overcome obstacles:
We will talk through out problems. Get together in person when necessary to assist in overcoming the hurdle.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually? What constraints do we have?):
Ethan - Can't code before 8AM. 29th - 31st after class no go.
Erin - Can't code past 8PM. Friday and Sat > 5PM no go

Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open? How will we make decisions as a team?):
Daily check-ins. In person, slack. Respond in a timely manner. When we need to make decisions we will talk about what needs to be done. 

Abilities & Growth Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement):
Ethan - Same as Erin + class functionality
Erin - OOD design, speicifcally class design. Pseudo-coding/flushing out the project prior coding.

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):
TBD

Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests/Debugging and Problem-solving Techniques):
Daily code reviews. Version control - pull requests, branching. 

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback:
Be open and honest without being too critical.

Project management tools we will use:
Github projects

Day 1 Agenda:
TBD

Additional Notes:
